I came to Greece as an immigrant
when I was just 16 years old.
Because of that, I never felt safe
with people around me.
At that time, I was renting
an apartment from a man
who was studying the Bible
with one of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
One day I joined the study,
and the brother invited me to the convention.
I was very cautious at the beginning,
but the brother seemed trustworthy.
I always had questions about the true God,
and I wanted to learn more about Him,
so I decided to go.
In 2016,
I received an invitation
from my son to attend
the convention of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
He was getting baptized at that convention,
and it was important to him
for me to be there,
and so he asked me to go.
Even though I was very active
in another religion for 30 years,
I went in order to please him.
I learned the truth after I supplicated God
with all my strength
because I was really lost.
I asked for answers to questions
that were yet unanswered.
And God answered me.
Jehovah gave me the answer
to my prayers when I found this.
This invitation, “Deliverance at Hand!,”
was the answer to my prayers.
Arriving there, at that convention,
I observed the crowd—many people.
Starting right at the parking lot,
everything was organized;
people were entering in an orderly manner.
Inside the Assembly Hall,
everyone was very organized,
well-dressed, very loving.
And when the convention began,
I saw such spiritual food
that I had never seen in my religion.
Thirty years in a religion
—I thought I knew a lot,
but I didn’t know anything.
So I decided to study.
When I arrived at the convention,
I started watching the people.
Their faces were smiling.
They seemed to be happy.
There were men, women, and children
from different races and nationalities.
When they sang,
I could sense their true joy and unity.
For the first time in my life,
I felt very safe.
I was not in fear
of being taken advantage of.
Also, what I learned at that convention
drew me to the true God.
I thought, ‘If all these people
‘are truly happy and feel really safe
being part of this organization
‘—Jehovah’s organization—
then, indeed,
this is what I was looking for.’
I went to the convention on Sunday.
I was really warmly welcomed
by all the brothers and sisters there.
I listened to all of the morning program,
and at noon,
I recognized the sound of the truth.
I was sure it was the truth.
I decided to become
one of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
and I became one of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
I got baptized in 2017,
and now I serve as a pioneer.
My first study was the following Wednesday.
I was happy to get to know Jehovah.
Now I am one of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
and as much as I can,
I participate in the invitation campaigns.
I really hope that it helps
many people to be delivered.
I started attending meetings
right after the convention.
I started a Bible study,
and eventually I got baptized
as one of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
My mother, one of my brothers,
and my two sisters
are now serving Jehovah as well.
Later on, I got married to a faithful sister,
a very good wife,
and we serve Jehovah together.
People need to feel safe,
and I know for sure that Jehovah’s
organization is the safest place you can be.